Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Princess, today's torture
is beach sword fighting.
The rules are simple.
Pop the balloons on your
opponents’ heads to win.
Lieutorment
Youki
Inki
How is this torture, exactly?
Your opponents shall be Youki and Inki.
Should you lose, Princess, you will
divulge the empire's secrets.
I see. So, what if I win?
You think you can win?
Snicker.
What?
We're champions of the Hell-Lord's
beach sword fighting tag team tournament.
F-For two years in a row.
5th Hell-Lord's Beach Sword Fighting Tournament
Sounds like the Hell-Lord
holds some fun events.
W-We're the strongest members
of the Hellhorde's forces.
There's no way you can defeat us!
You heard them.
Very well. In the event you win,
I shall grant you any request.
Anything?
Yes. I shall even set you free.
Well, well.
Let the battle begin!
Let's go, In-chan. We’ll
start with Strategy B-shift.
Got it.
With Strategy B, I draw the enemy's
attention with my swift movements...
While I—
What?
No way.
What did you expect?
Her Highness is the Princess and
Commander of the Imperial Third Legion.
There's no way just the two
of you could defeat her.
S-So you really are a commander.
Rude!
Since I was a young girl,
I was trained in the art of the sword by
top-class swordsmen of the Imperial Army.
Spin ten times, and then start running.
Whoever touches the tree first wins.
Teach her to use a sword.
Whoever reaches the tree first gets all
of tonight's dessert to themselves.
Learn to use a sword!
There!
I win!
Jimochi taught me everything there is to know
about swordplay and the brutality of combat.
There's no way you could defeat me.
Based on that anecdote,
I think they could beat you.
It’s just you now, You-chan.
Princess-chan, remember the rules.
Pop the balloons to win.
There are no other rules.
I summon thee, my final weapon!
In other words, all that matters
is that you pop the balloons!
Gatling Water Gun
Youki Custom
This water gun can fire 45 shots per second.
I win! Victory is mine!
What?!
Oh, no. After all we've been
through, I'd forgotten.
The Princess’ swordsmanship is truly
top-level, even for the Imperial Army!
She’s a proper warrior!
Crud. I'm out of ammo.
At this rate, I'll be forced
to release the Princess.
I must join the fight.
No, I can't.
When I first explained the rules, I said
her opponents would be Youki and Inki.
What should I do?
Ignore the rules.
Do whatever it takes to win.
The devil on my shoulder.
Torture Party
You must only make an effort
to keep your public promises.
You needn't actually keep them.
The politician on my shoulder.
Besides, it would be no fun
if she won too easily.
The writer.
With passion, we can change
the world, and even rules.
The revolutionary.
They're right.
Releasing the Princess
is out of the question.
It sure feels nice to move around.
This is fun!
It’s time to end this, You-chan.
Hold up, Princess-chan!
Crab
Hell-Lord's Daughter
Ultimate Hyper Legendary
Cadet Harm-Marshal
Maomao-chan
Krall Regiment
Combat Soldier
Mad Wolf
Prepare yourself!
Beastmaster
Krall
Combat Soldier
Fourth Class
&
Pain-Private
Giant
Torturer's Aide
Datarma
Hellholm Cafeteria Staff
Kitchen Sub-Leader
Mad Kaiser
Weaponsmith and Pain-Private
Gilga
Grand Inquisitor
Torture Tortura
A Passing Seagull
Guys!
We won't let you have your
way any longer, Princess.
All right. Bring it on, all of you.
Go, You-chan!
Disqualified
What?!
You can do it, Your Highness!
Gotcha!
On your guard, Princess-chan!
Too easy, Krall-chan!
I knew you would slide!
Gotcha!
And I knew you would do that.
You-chan's in trouble.
If this is how it’s gonna be…
It’s a free-for-all!
Stop right there!
Princess!
This is so much fun!
I caught you!
You caught me!
The Princess
had fun
That was so much fun.
Wait, what? What happened to being released?
Your Highness.
Previously and the time before that,
I failed because I was too focused on my spell.
But this time,
I, Louch Brittan, the White Knight,
will be sure to save you.
Imperial
First
Legion
Louch
Brittan
Who are you?
I couldn't sense him at all.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
You’re a human, aren't you?
What are you doing here?
A demon. His presence is overpowering.
He's no ordinary demon.
First strike.
Holy Moon!
Are you perhaps lost?
Settle down.
I understand why a human would feel
uneasy if they wandered into this place.
Brittan Clan Swordstyle,
Lightning Hurricane!
Lightning Hurricane
I just happened by here.
Lightning Hurricane! Lightning
Hurricane! Lightning Hurricane!
I did not come to harm you.
I was out attending a voice
actor's release event.
I simply came across you on my way back.
Release event?
Normally, I watch quietly from
the back with my arms folded,
but today, I moved up a
bit towards the front.
Because I did, I felt more
like a part of the concert.
Geh-heh-heh.
A demon would never attend a release event.
It must be some kind of
terrible code word.
In that case…
Focusing mana.
White Knight Magic,
Holy Shine!
Holy Shine
That should do it.
Have you settled down some?
Impossible.
The recoil from my attack—
Why did you save me? I'm a human.
Geh-heh-heh. Your life has
value, just like mine.
Besides, that adornment on your neck…
It’s the emblem of the protagonist's unit
from the Mobile Cavalry Soul
Cross anime, is it not?
Mobile Cavalry Soul Cross
How do you know that?
No one’s ever noticed before because
it blends in with the rest of my outfit!
Geh-heh-heh.
I have one as well.
This emblem is truly well-made. It
looks just like it does in the anime.
You get it!
I have thoughts about items from
anime being turned into merch.
I wish they would stop including
pictures of characters.
The inclusion of such images
ruins the world building.
I wish to own the same
items as the characters.
Exactly!
I apologize for suddenly attacking you.
Geh-heh-heh. It’s fine.
I see. Not all demons are bad,
nor are they my enemies.
Only the Hell-Lord and his
forces are my enemies.
I mustn't fail to recognize that.
Well, I suppose I should leave.
Didn't you have something to do here?
I've spent too long here already.
I'll return another day.
If we meet again…
Let's discuss anime once more.
Geh-heh-heh. Of course.
Geh-heh-heh, scrub-a-heh-heh.
Papa's in a good mood.
He said he made a new friend.
Mobile Cavalry Soul Cross
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Yes! A match!
That’s three in a row.
That just leaves six more.
Harm-Marshal
Vanilla Peschutz
I shall find the remaining matches
in one go, without any errors.
Another pair.
Nothing beats playing memory with cards.
Besides, I can play by myself.
I wonder if it would be
more fun with friends.
What am I thinking?
I am the daughter of the
noble House of Peschutz.
I need no friends.
Papa and Mama often tell me to enjoy
myself unfettered by the family name,
but my pride would never allow that.
But…
The amusement park sure was fun.
Princess…
I know. I'll use this to torture her.
That’s right, it’s torture.
It’s not that I want to play with her.
Time for your torture, Princess!
Today's torture is playing cards.
If you tell me your secrets,
you can play cards with me.
What kind of torture is that?
Do you truly believe Her Highness
would divulge her secrets
just because she wants to play cards?
Cards are fun, aren't they?
Your Highness?
Speaking of cards…
I can't play any cards because
I'm stuck here and here.
My, my. Whatever could be stopping you?
It’s you, Jimochi!
What will you do?
You can only pass one more
time, Your Highness.
Will you pass again?
Pass.
I win!
At this rate, tomorrow night's
dessert will be all mine as well.
I want dessert!
The frustration of defeat.
Every tear I shed made my mind stronger.
Your Highness, you must've really
regretted not eating that dessert.
That’s just how fun playing cards is.
What?
Oh, but that doesn't mean
I'd reveal any secrets.
I can resist playing cards.
Are you sure about that?
BADOOM
Anyway, it’s an attractive
invitation, but I must decline.
What? But…
Playing with cards is fun. Really fun.
It can be something basic, like what
you had for breakfast this morning.
I probably shouldn't be saying this,
but that's not a secret you
need to extract from me.
Wait a minute. Do you want
to play cards with me?
O-Obviously not!
It’s not like I want to
play Old Maid together,
which can only be played
with at least two players.
I definitely don't want to
play President or Speed either.
Just laying it all out there, aren't you?
If you want to play, then
you should just say so.
I am the daughter of the
noble House of Peschutz.
I don't experience the
flippant desire to play cards.
A proud lady like myself needs no friends!
All right. I'll tell you a secret.
Your Highness?
I also believed that a proud
knight like myself needs no friends.
But…
The truth is…
I wanted friends.
Me, too.
Come on. I've told you my secret.
Let's play.
Okay.
Which card is the Joker?
Hey, that's not fair.
Come on, hurry up.
Let's see. This one.
Oh? You're sure you want that one?
Ah, I see.
Uh, um…
Actually, I want this one.
Vanilla made
a friend
I see. So the Princess wanted friends.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Perhaps she'd been avoiding it until
now since she'd been betrayed before.
Geh-heh-heh.
I'm glad she made a friend.
Send off the report...
Send Daily
Report
And work is done.
What should I have for dinner?
Tonight, I have business outside the
house, so perhaps I'll eat out.
Meal Tickets
Welcome.
A roast beef bowl. I didn't
know they offered that.
Curry. Come to think of it, I often
hear the curry is delicious as well.
Perhaps I'll order some next time.
But I end up ordering the same thing
despite thinking that every time.
Thanks for waiting.
A chicken and egg bowl.
I've tried all kinds
of chicken and egg bowls,
but nothing beats the chicken and egg
bowl served by this beef bowl chain.
This spoon that makes it so easy
to eat is a delight as well.
Yes, this. This was the right choice.
The strength of chains is their ability to
provide the exact same flavor you imagine every time.
After eating more than half, add a sprinkle
of soy sauce to modify the flavor.
Now it’s time for round two.
Since it’s a bit chilly tonight,
I can tell how warm my stomach feels.
Now then.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Time to buy tissues and head home.